Magento 2.3.4 backward incompatible change (#6549)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/release-notes/release-notes-2-3-4-commerce.md

*  The WYSIWYG editor now saves quotation marks correctly. Previously, quotation marks were converted to `&quot;`.

## Known issue

> This release introduces an enhancement to the invalidation logic for customer data sections that is not compatible with how pre-2.3.4 deployments. You can no longer invalidate custom customer sections in `etc/frontend/sections.xml` files by declaring an action node without specifying any related sections. See [Magento 2.3 backward incompatible changes]({{page.baseurl}}/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/index.html) for a discussion of this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces an enhancement to the invalidation logic for customer data sections that is not compatible with pre-2.3.4 deployments. You can no longer invalidate custom customer sections in `etc/frontend/sections.xml` files by declaring an action node without specifying any related sections. See [Magento 2.3 backward incompatible changes]({{page.baseurl}}/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/index.html) for a discussion of this change.
```

Author: entered in source

> This release introduces an enhancement to the  customer data sections invalidation mechanism logic that is not compatible with how pre-2.3.4 deployments.  You can no longer invalidate custom customer sections in etc/frontend/sections.xml by declaring an action node without specifying any related sections. See [Magento 2.3 backward incompatible changes](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/index.html) for a discussion of this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release introduces an enhancement to the invalidation logic for customer data sections that is not compatible with pre-2.3.4 deployments.  You can no longer invalidate custom customer sections in `etc/frontend/sections.xml` files by declaring an action node without specifying any related sections. See [Magento 2.3 backward incompatible changes]({{page.baseurl}}/release-notes/backward-incompatible-changes/index.html) for a discussion of this change.
```

Author: changed in source
